core.command.back /back-
core.command.backtrack /backtrack
core.command.clearlag /clearlag

core.command.enchant /enchant
core.command.enchant.other /enchant prot 1 <target>

core.command.feed /feed
core.command.feed.other /feed <target>

core.command.fly /fly
core.command.fly.other /fly <target>

core.command.gms /gamemode c
core.command.gms.other /gamemode c <target>

core.command.gms /gamemode s
core.command.gms.other /gamemode s <target>

core.command.glist /glist
core.command.broadcast /broadcast
core.command.head /head

core.command.heal /heal
core.command.heal.other /heal <target>

core.command.kill /kill
core.command.kill.other /kill <target>

core.command.localbroadcast /localbroadcast
core.command.lore /lore add /lore remove

core.command.more /more
core.command.rename /rename

core.command.setmax /setmax
core.command.viewdistance /viewdistance
core.command.systemtime /systemtime
core.command.tp /tp
core.command.tphere /tphere
core.command.whois /whois

core.command.permissions /permissions
core.command.grant /grant
core.command.grants /grants
core.grant.<rankName> /grants menu option

core.command.xp.add /xp add
core.command.xp.remove /xp remove
core.command.xp.info /xp info

core.command.alts /alts
core.command.ipclear /ipclear

core.command.staffchat /staffchat
core.command.adminchat /adminchat

core.command.mutechat /mutechat
core.mutechat.bypass

core.command.slowchat /slowchat
core.slowchat.bypass

core.command.modmode /modsuite
core.modemode.admin

core.command.reports /reports
core.command.requests /requests

core.command.npc /npc <subcommand>

core.command.ban /ban
core.command.ban.permanent
core.command.unban /unban
 
core.command.blacklist /blacklist
core.command.blacklist.permanent
core.command.unblacklist /unblacklist

core.command.mute /mute
core.command.mute.permanent
core.command.unmute /unmute

core.command.punishments /punishments
core.command.warn /warn

core.command.warp.create /warp create
core.command.warp.delete /warp delete
core.command.warp.tp /warp tp
core.command.warps /warps

core.command.reboot /reboot & /reboot cancel

core.command.networkdump /network dump
core.command.networklist /network list

core.command.2fa /2fa & /setup2fa
core.command.reset2fa /reset2fa

core.command.server /server